Summary of all Jupyter Notebooks included in this folder


1) Tutorial:

My summary notebook outlining the setup of the class and usage of all public methods provided in it.


2) McNab_Reproduction:

A small notebook demonstrating the results of my experiment to reproduce figures 1 and 3 and table 2 from McNab et. al. 2021. 


3) proposal_plots_updated:

This is an adapted version of the original notebook used to assemble and store the catalogs used in the GOGREEN class. I modified it first per the instructions
you wrote in previously for another student, getting it up to date with the most recent/relevant version, then removed the unnecessary plots at the 
end and added the NUVMINV field to the stellar populations table to enable its use in the class.


4) TestPlots:

A small notebook demonstrating the use and results of two of the class' test functions, testPlots() and evalLineFit().


5) TransitionTrends:

This notebook contains all plots relevant to the stellar mass-size relation and can be thought of as a compilation of results. Also contains some 
statistical information about the data being plotted to indicate where we are lacking a solid basis for results. The result plots included are as 
follows:

    1. Trendlines for all 3 transition types compared to quiescent and star-forming
    2. Field quiescent vs star-forming trend lines compared to van der Wel+14
    3. Isolated trendlines for cluster vs field quiescent and star-forming with uncertainties
    4. Isolated trendlines for cluster vs field in all 5 populations
    5. Ioslated trendlines for cluster vs field and literature comparison of difference as a function of redshift
    6. Trendlines for cluster vs field, quiescent cluster vs field, and star-forming cluster vs field
    7. Trendlines for spec vs phot catalog, elliptical vs spiral, quiescent vs star-forming (cluster only)
    8. Cluster galaxies for all 11 clusters in subplots


6) KFlagCheck:

This notebook demonstrates the difference in stellar mass-size trend results that stems from using the more rigorous criteria 'K_flag == 0' as opposed
to 'K_flag < 4'. 

7) MembershipDefinitions:

This notebook demonstrates the difference in population size when using only spectroscopic members as opposed to both spectroscopic and photometric

